[Test Case]: Alignment Infrastructure Curves (#26)
bSI-InfraRoom/MVD-Infra-Test-Instructions: E1a-ARSE/ALIN/Dataset/README.md

## Variations

> The Following occurence variations need to be checked and certified in relation to the targetted entities and concept templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Following occurrence variations need to be checked and certified in relation to the targeted entities and concept templates:
```
